# MSDS460_A2
Assignment 2 was an individual assignment where we were introduced to network problems, such as shortest path problems, and we were able to utilize linear programming to solve for the shortest path. After being introduced to linear programming in a previous module this allowed us to continue using that knowledge in a new application. For this assignment, I was tasked with determining the best-case, expected, and worst-case estimates for the number of hours needed for a development project that requires 16 different individual tasks. We were given an excel file that listed these 16 tasks and after I filled in time estimates for each task and its best-case, expected, and worst-case scenario I was able to code the information into decision variables, constraints, and objective function within python using the Pulp model to solve for the shortest path. The goal of this assignment was to use linear programming to solve a shortest path problem thus finding the minimum total time solution for this hypothetical development task. This also answers the minimum total cost solution as we simplified the problem to state that the hourly rate was constant across the 16 different development tasks. My code first prints the solution for the best-case scenario, followed by the expected case, and then the worst-case scenario. The minimum time and cost solutions for the associated scenarios were found to be 108 hours at $3403.08, 210 hours at $6617.10, and 314 hours at $9894.14. The differences in tasks that could be worked on in parallel changed based on the necessary number of hours in each scenario and can be seen in greater detail within my codes output text file. 
